adding several changes on translation, files reordering and align with hugo standard (#25)
opensource-latinamerica/openinframx: content/blog/how-to-set-your-development-enviroment/index.md

### Installation

1. Clone the OpenInfraMX's [repository](https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx) and its submodules

```bash
git clone --recurse-submodules --depth 1 https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx
```

2. Install npm dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the server

```bash
hugo server
```

# Final Words

> If you followed the steps feel free to reach us at our [github](https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx) and help in any way you want. It can be a fun ride.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any contribution is welcome, feel free to reach us through our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/opensource-latinamerica/openinframx). This could be an amazing journey.
```
